.\" Manpage for goferd.
.\" Contact jortel@redhat.com to correct errors or typos.
.TH man 1 "10 June 2014" "1.2.1" "goferd man page"

.SH NAME

goferd \- The Gofer Agent Daemon

.SH SYNOPSIS

goferd [ -h ] [ -f ]

.SH DESCRIPTION

.B goferd
is the daemon for the Gofer Agent which provides an extensible,
light weight, universal python agent.  The gofer core agent is a
python daemon (service) that provides infrastructure for exposing
a remote API and for running Recurring Actions. The APIs contributed
by plug-ins are accessible by Remote Method Invocation (RMI). The
transport for RMI is AMQP using an AMQP message broker.
Scheduled actions may also provided by
.I plug-ins
and are executed
at the specified interval.

.PP
See: https://github.com/jortel/gofer for more information.

.SH OPTIONS

The following options are supported by
.B goferd

.TP
-h [ --help ]
Displays the help message.
.TP
-c [ --console ]
Run in the foreground and not as a daemon.

.SH SEE ALSO

qpidd(1)

.SH BUGS

No known bugs.

.SH FILES

.TP
/etc/gofer/agent.conf
The main
.B goferd
configuration file

.TP
/etc/gofer/conf.d
A directory of
.B goferd
configuration files used to override properties in agent.conf

.TP
/etc/gofer/plugins
The directory of plugin descriptors.  Each plugin descriptor
defines and configures a plugin to be loaded by
.B goferd
.

.TP
/usr/share/gofer/plugins
A directory of plugins implementations.  Each plugin consists of a single
python module with a basename matching it's descriptor found in /etc/gofer/plugins.

.TP
/usr/lib/gofer/plugins 
A directory of plugins implementations.  Each plugin consists of a single
python module with a basename matching it's descriptor found in /etc/gofer/plugins.


.SH AUTHOR

Jeff Ortel (jortel@redhat.com)
