.\" Manpage for gofer.
.\" Contact jortel@redhat.com to correct errors or typos.
.TH man 1 "10 March 2015" "2.6" "goferd man page"

.SH NAME

gofer \- The goferd management tool.

.SH SYNOPSIS

gofer mgt  [ -h ] [ -H \fIHOST\fR ] [ -p \fIPORT\fR ]
           [ -s ] [ -l \fIPATH\fR ] [ -r \fIPATH\fR ] [ -u \fIPATH\fR ]

gofer call [ -h ] [ -u \fIURL\fR ] [ -a \fIADDRESS\fR ] [ -t \fITARGET\fR ]
           [ -i \fIINPUT\fR ] [ -r \fIREPLY\fR ] [ -w \fISECONDS\fR ]
           [ -p \fIPREFIX\fR ] [ -S \fISECRET\fR ] [ -T \fISECONDS\fR ]
           [ -A \fIPATH\fR ] [ -U \fINAME\fR ] [ -A \fIPASSWORD\fR ]

.SH DESCRIPTION

.B gofer
is the command line tool for managing goferd and performing RMI calls.
All unmapped arguments are considered arguments to the RMI target.
Keyword arguments have the form of: <name>=<value>.

.PP
See: https://github.com/jortel/gofer for more information.

.SH MANAGEMENT OPTIONS

The following options are supported by \fBgofer mgt\fR

.TP
-h [ --help ]
Displays the help message.
.TP
-H [ --host ] \fIHOST\fR
The host or IP used to connect to goferd.
.TP
-p [ --port ] \fIPORT\fR
The port used to connect to goferd.
.TP
-s [ --status ]
Displays goferd status information.
.TP
-l [ --load ] \fIPATH\fR
Load the plugin using the specified \fIPATH\fR to the descriptor.
.TP
-r [ --reload ] \fIPATH\fR
Reload the plugin using the specified \fIPATH\fR to the descriptor.
The \fIPATH\fR can also be the plugin name.
.TP
-u [ --unload ] \fIPATH\fR
Unload the plugin using the specified \fIPATH\fR to the descriptor.
The \fIPATH\fR can also be the plugin name.

.SH CALL OPTIONS

The following options are supported by \fBgofer call\fR

.TP
-h [ --help ]
Displays the help message.
.TP
-u [ --url ] \fIURL\fR
The broker URL.
.TP
-a [ --address ] \fIADDRESS\fR
The AMQP address for the agent.
.TP
-r [ --reply ] \fIADDRESS\fR
The AMQP reply address.
.TP
-t [ --target ] \fITARGET\fR
The RMI target.  Format is: <class>.<method>. Eg: Dog.bark
.TP
-i [ --input ] \fIINPUT\fR
The RMI input (json) document. Format is: [[], {}].
.TP
-w [ --wait ] \fISECONDS\fR
The time in seconds to wait the RMI to complete.
.TP
-p [ --progress ] \fIPREFIX\fR
The progress output prefix.  Enables progress reporting to STDOUT
with the prepended prefix.
.TP
-S [ --secret ] \fISECRET\fR
The shared secret to include with the RMI request.
.TP
-T [ --ttl ] \fISECONDS\fR
The request TTL in seconds.
.TP
-A [ --authenticator ] \fIPATH\fR
The python path to a message \fIAuthenticator\fR.  Eg: redhat.gofer.Authenticator.
.TP
-U [ --user ] \fINAME\fR
The user name passed in the RMI request.
.TP
-P [ --password ] \fIPASSWORD\fR
The password passed in the RMI request.

.SH EXAMPLES

.TP
$ gofer call -u qpid+amqp://localhost -a xyz -t Dog.bark "hello master"
.TP
$ gofer call -u qpid+amqp://localhost -a xyz -t Dog.bark words="hello master"
.TP
$ gofer call -u qpid+amqp://localhost -a xyz -t Dog.bark -i '[["hello master"],{}]'

.SH SEE ALSO

goferd(1)

.SH BUGS

No known bugs.

.SH FILES

.TP
/etc/gofer/agent.conf
The main
.B goferd
configuration file

.SH AUTHOR

Jeff Ortel (jortel@redhat.com)
